the errors that occur during thr execution of a program are called as runtime error or exception.

Exception classes - base class for all exception.
                    msessage property - summary info ablout what the error was (String getMessage()).
                    Stack Trace - info from the stack where the problem occured,(void printStackTrace()).

Robust error handling - 
                        1. Declare the error - to identify the potential errors.
                            type - 
                                a.  checked exception - these types of exception occuring due to problem with resource or system settings. 
                                b.  Unchecked Exception - the type of exception occur due to programmers mistake.
                                    this is also called RuntimeException.
                        2.  Identify the block of caode that may lead to error - code is executed that there are no errors.
                            if some error is excepted in the code it is enclosed in 'try' block.
                        3. how to Handle -  if error  
                                            'catch' block can take parameter of exception class type only.
                                            'catch' block must follow 'try' block.
                        4. Differentiate between error message -  multiple errors can occur
                        5. Catchh all Errors -  Object of Exception class catches all other exception that are not caught by specific excepion.
                        6. What if not handled.
                        7. Change of the original method.
                        8. Define User defined Exception class.
Mechanism to check resource leakage - finally block :-
                                                        some resources that are used in the 'try' block need to be avoid resource leakage when the error has occured.
                                                        'finally' block must follow all 'catch' block.
                                                        'finally' is always executed.